README.md, before:

# MODULES APPs ToDOO

# Iframe for the virtual client office (versión 10.0.0.0.1)

Modulo para trabajar iframes en la Oficina Virtual de un cliente

# Machine Learning QA Employee (versión 10.1.0.1.2)

Measure the reliability index of a company and the job offers they publish and other functionalities using Machine Learning.

 * versión 10.1.0.1.1
   
   1. Add model profesional_profile

 * versión 10.1.0.1.2
   
   1. Add model list for import (professional_profile, list_cnae, list_ine)
   2. Add data category_partner

# Modify Design List View (versión 10.0.0.0.1)

Modify Design List View for all views tree. List Sticky Header.

 * versión 10.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Fixed header of list view
   2. Sticky Header
   3. List Sticky Header
   4. Hover property of list

# HR Contract Management (versión 12.1.0.1.1)

Contract Management. Report contract. Review the status of a Contract. Generate contract from Sale Order/ Product (type=Service).

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Generate contract from Sale Order with Product od type "Service"
   2. Management Contract, Employee
   3. Management Agreement
   4. Workflow of contract and sale order
   5. Management professional category, Educational level, Jobs

* versión 12.1.0.1.1

   1. Add Agreement type
   2. Modified Collective Agreement

# HR Employee Validation Data  european (SP) (versión 12.2.0.0.2)

Validation Data Employee: DNI/NIE, Code INEN/SS, IBAN for model Europe, Spain (SP).

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Validate bank details
   2. Validate DNI / NIE
   3. Validate personal data as mobile, Social security number
   4. Validate birth date

* versión 12.2.0.0.1

1. Validate birth date
2. Validate the age of an employee

* versión 12.2.0.0.2

   1. Fix validate birth date
   2. Fix validate the age of an employee
   
# HR Employee to system user (versión 12.0.0.0.1)

Creation of the system user and contact from HR Employee with automatics task.

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Validate email
   2. The automatics task generate an user
   3. The automatics task generate and contact
   4. To asociated boths with employee
   
# System Bugs Management (versión 12.0.0.0.1)

System Bugs Management. Error control and bug fixes in the Odoo Open source platform.

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Offers the ability to keep track of the bug.
   2. You can see number of bugs assigned to the employee.
   3. The automatics task generate and contact.


Para más información dirigirse al portal: https://github.com/todooweb

Para dudas funcionales o soporte, dirigirse a: https://github.com/EdgarNaranjo/apps_todoo.git

Commit message:

Add new module todoo_calculator

README.md, after:

# MODULES APPs ToDOO

# Iframe for the virtual client office (versión 10.0.0.0.1)

Modulo para trabajar iframes en la Oficina Virtual de un cliente

# Machine Learning QA Employee (versión 10.1.0.1.2)

Measure the reliability index of a company and the job offers they publish and other functionalities using Machine Learning.

 * versión 10.1.0.1.1
   
   1. Add model profesional_profile

 * versión 10.1.0.1.2
   
   1. Add model list for import (professional_profile, list_cnae, list_ine)
   2. Add data category_partner

# Modify Design List View (versión 10.0.0.0.1)

Modify Design List View for all views tree. List Sticky Header.

 * versión 10.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Fixed header of list view
   2. Sticky Header
   3. List Sticky Header
   4. Hover property of list

# HR Contract Management (versión 12.1.0.1.1)

Contract Management. Report contract. Review the status of a Contract. Generate contract from Sale Order/ Product (type=Service).

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Generate contract from Sale Order with Product od type "Service"
   2. Management Contract, Employee
   3. Management Agreement
   4. Workflow of contract and sale order
   5. Management professional category, Educational level, Jobs

* versión 12.1.0.1.1

   1. Add Agreement type
   2. Modified Collective Agreement

# HR Employee Validation Data  european (SP) (versión 12.2.0.0.2)

Validation Data Employee: DNI/NIE, Code INEN/SS, IBAN for model Europe, Spain (SP).

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Validate bank details
   2. Validate DNI / NIE
   3. Validate personal data as mobile, Social security number
   4. Validate birth date

* versión 12.2.0.0.1

1. Validate birth date
2. Validate the age of an employee

* versión 12.2.0.0.2

   1. Fix validate birth date
   2. Fix validate the age of an employee
   
# HR Employee to system user (versión 12.0.0.0.1)

Creation of the system user and contact from HR Employee with automatics task.

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Validate email
   2. The automatics task generate an user
   3. The automatics task generate and contact
   4. To asociated boths with employee
   
# System Bugs Management (versión 12.0.0.0.1)

System Bugs Management. Error control and bug fixes in the Odoo Open source platform.

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Offers the ability to keep track of the bug.
   2. You can see number of bugs assigned to the employee.
   3. The automatics task generate and contact.

# Integrated Calculator (versión 12.0.0.0.1)

Integrated Calculator within the odoo framework. Allows for multiple calculations.

 * versión 12.0.0.0.1
   
   1. Addition and subtraction
   2. Division and multiplication
   3. Operations with percent
   4. Working with real numbers

Para más información dirigirse al portal: https://github.com/todooweb

Para dudas funcionales o soporte, dirigirse a: https://github.com/EdgarNaranjo/apps_todoo.git
